Make "Schemas and Types" page more approachable to newcomers (#1794)
graphql/graphql.github.io: src/pages/learn/schema.mdx

## The Query and Mutation types

> There are two special "entry point" types that by default are named `Query` and `Mutation`. These types are the same as a regular object type, but they are special because they define the _entry point_ of every GraphQL query. So if you see a query that looks like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every GraphQL schema must support `query` operations, the _entry point_ for these operations is a regular object type that by default is called `Query`. So if you see a query that looks like:
```

> Mutations work in a similar way - you define fields on the `Mutation` type, and those are available as the root mutation fields you can call in your query.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Schemas may also choose to support `mutation` operations by adding another entry point type, by default called `Mutation`. Mutations work in a similar way to queries - you define fields on the `Mutation` type, and those are available as the root mutation fields you can call in your mutation operation.
```

> It's important to remember that other than the special status of being the entry points, the `Query` and `Mutation` types are the same as any other GraphQL object type, and their fields work exactly the same way.

Reviewer: > I had already been confused why this special word schema was being used without being fully explained anywhere else on the page, so I took out the example that used it.

I see what you mean; it's introduced a little to early. But since we talk about naming things _by default_ maybe it's best to reintroduce the `schema` keyword at the end of this section detailing what you need to do if you don't want the defaults:

````suggestion
It's important to remember that other than the special status of being the entry points, the `Query` and `Mutation` types are the same as any other GraphQL object type, and their fields work exactly the same way.

You can choose to name your entry point types differently; if you choose to do so then you will need to inform GraphQL of the new names using the `schema` keyword:

```graphql
schema {
  query: MyQueryType
  mutation: MyMutationType
}
```
````

Reviewer 2: What percent of users would you estimate rename their entry points?

Author: What percent of users would you estimate rename their entry points?

Reviewer: Hard to say; but our very own `swapi-graphql` example API does: https://graphql.org/swapi-graphql/?query=%7B__typename%7D
